[Docs] Threat score follow up changes (#20953)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/partials/waf/security-level-scores.mdx

{}
---

> Cloudflare provides _I'm Under Attack!_ as a security level.

Reviewer: Nit: We're not mentioning the new value displayed in the dashboard ("Always protected").

{}
---

> Cloudflare provides _Always protected_ and _I'm Under Attack!_ as security levels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Cloudflare dashboard, security level has the value _Always protected_ and you cannot change this setting. To turn Under Attack mode on or off, use the separate toggle.

In the API and in Terraform, use security level to turn Under Attack mode on or off.
```
